Update README and update CAPI docs (#159)
kubernetes-sigs/image-builder: docs/book/src/capi/quickstart.md

# Quick Start

In this tutorial we will cover the basics of how to download and execute the Image Builder.

## Installation

As a set of scripts and Makefiles that rely on Packer and Ansible, there is image builder binary/application to install. Rather we need to download the tooling from the GitHub repo and make sure that the Packer and Ansible are installed.

To get the latest image-builder source on your machine, execute the following:

```sh

> curl -L https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/image-builder/tarball/master -o image-builder.tgz

Author: I'll update this once the repo is tagged to download a tagged release.

tar xzf image-builder.tgz
cd image-builder/images/capi
```

## Dependencies

> Once you are within the `capi` directly, you can execute `make` or `make help` to see all the possible make targets. Before we can build an image, we need to make sure that Packer and Ansible are installed on your system. You may already have them, Mac uses may have them installed via `brew`, or you may have downloaded them directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you are within the `capi` directory, you can execute `make` or `make help` to see all the possible make targets. Before we can build an image, we need to make sure that Packer and Ansible are installed on your system. You may already have them, Mac users may have them installed via `brew`, or you may have downloaded them directly.
```
